EPISODE 10
RECIPIENT: HAN SEO-YUL
STAFF JU HYUN-SU
Damn it, this bastard is so careless.
I told him not to order stuff
to this place.
Seol-ah.
Why are you here?
What about you?
The man you just saw…
is Ju Hyun-su.
The bastard who killed my sister.
Why were you following him?
I wasn't following him.
I came to find Chair Kim's property
registered under a borrowed name.
Ju Hyun-su spotted
in Chair Kim's building?
Is there a connection between them?
I can only speculate at this point.
We can't talk here.
-Let's go somewhere else and--
-No.
I don't have anything more to say.
That's all I know.
Are you feeling better?
Are you eating well?
Take care of yourself too, Woo-seok.
The man you just saw is Ju Hyun-su.
The bastard who killed my sister.
Ju Hyun-su spotted
in Chair Kim's building?
Is there a connection between them?
What are you thinking about?
It's just an overnight trip.
I didn't lie like my friends did
and was honest about
taking a trip with my boyfriend.
Jeez, when did you grow up?
You always treat me like a child.
I think I'll get married before you.
Ms. Cha Woo-hee.
Marriage already? Control yourself.
Drop me off over there.
Call me when you get to Busan.
Eat that, okay?
-Be careful.
-Okay.
Hey, Woo-hee.
Is this Mr. Cha Woo-seok?
I'm Woo-hee's boyfriend.
Ms. Cha, who was in the passenger seat,
wasn't wearing a seat belt,
and traces of sleeping pills
were found in her blood.
Furthermore, at the suggestion
of the defendant, Ju Hyun-su,
she took out a life insurance policy
worth 300 million won,
naming him as the beneficiary.
POLICYHOLDER: CHA WOO-HEE
BENEFICIARY: JU HYUN-SU
Although the circumstances are suspicious,
there's no objective evidence
that the accident was intentional
with respect to the charges
of murder and fraud.
The defendant, Ju Hyun-su,
is hereby sentenced to one year in prison.
The sentence
will be suspended for two years
from the date this ruling becomes final.
There are traces showing
the artworks were moved.
Why would Ju Hyun-su do that?
You stated that you saw Han Seol-ah
coming down from the rooftop
on the night of Kim Yun-ji's death.
But you're the only one without an alibi
at the time Kim Yun-ji fell.
Are you framing Han Seol-ah
after killing Kim Yun-ji yourself?
You even disguised your voice
and called in a tip.
That's not true!
I didn't kill anyone.
Look here.
I don't think you realize
what charges brought you here.
I followed Han Seol-ah
to see what she was up to.
I thought it was suspicious
that they left together,
so I tried to keep an eye on her,
but I lost her again.
"Again"?
Fine.
I was the one…
who recorded the video
the night Ms. Kim died.
What are you trying to say?
I'm curious.
If the secret you've been hiding
is out in the open,
would you still be so composed?
Why did you keep following Han Seol-ah?
Why?
Because the police can't arrest her.
Because you people can't do your job!
Because even now,
you have the wrong person!
Why are you doing this to me?
What did I do that was so wrong?
I didn't kill anyone.
So you're saying you didn't
supply champagne that day, right?
Yes.
Chair Kim said she'd prepare it herself
because it was a VIP event.
Chair Kim of Royal Auction?
Yes.
I didn't supply the champagne
that caused Mr. Paek to collapse.
Then why were you at the event?
I got an invitation from Seol-ah
and went through the proper channels.
No, I'm asking why you went there.
What was the purpose?
I thought I could meet…
a decent man.
To be honest, I like parties.
I don't get many chances
to wear pretty dresses in Korea.
You weren't even on the guest list
for the event
held on the night of Kim Yun-ji's death.
Did you go there just to wear a dress?
I swear I didn't do much.
So you did do something.
No, I didn't!
Kim Yun-ji was acting really strange.
Ms. Han only drinks decaf, right?
Okay.
-Here's your coffee.
-Thank you.
DECAF
It's mint tea.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
What are you, a stalker?
Are you jealous of the chief auctioneer?
If I catch you messing with Seol-ah again,
I'll kill you myself.
I was just trying to scare her.
I had no idea that would happen.
Then where were you
at the time of Kim Yun-ji's fall?
At the party.
I watched in shock with the other guests.
Ask anyone who was there.
Jeez, that was terrifying.
How did Seol-ah get through this?
My goodness.
Unbelievable.
I've never had a consignor die before.
This final year of misfortune
is making quite a commotion.
What legal issues do we need to go over?
The consignment contract specifies
that Royal Auction has an obligation
to keep the painting safe
until the owner appears.
So you're saying
it's okay for us to keep the painting
until the owner shows up, right?
Yes, ma'am.
It's likely this case
will end up in court,
so it could take quite a while.
I see.
Chair Kim.
Please look at this.
This was in Ms. Han's possession.
LIST OF CHAIR KIM'S PROPERTIES
REGISTERED UNDER BORROWED NAMES
You've got a lot of time on your hands.
I gave you an opportunity,
and you're still looking into her?
If you can't find a replacement
for the Stiller,
you're going to Busan too. Got it?
But Chair Kim…
Yes, ma'am.
RECIPIENT: HAN SEO-YUL
This is their base of operations.
It seems that Han Seo-yul,
the one behind the Taemyung accident,
is living with Ju Hyun-su.
As expected,
your instincts are on the mark.
You said it followed the same pattern
as your sister's accident.
So these bastards were all in it together.
What about the paintings?
There were traces showing the paintings
had been moved into a vacant building.
And from there, they moved them
to a more concealed location.
At least we secured the Stiller
before it also disappeared.
What's going to happen to it
now that the owner is dead?
It'll go through the inheritance process.
I checked with the policyholder's lawyer,
and a beneficiary had already been named
in the event of his death.
There's no way Han Seol-ah
could be involved in this too, right?
This can't be real.
ARTICLE 1
(TESTATOR AND BENEFICIARY INFORMATION)
TESTATOR: PAEK JUN-BEOM
BENEFICIARY: HAN SEOL-AH
Why do you hate Han Seol-ah so much?
I liked her
when I was young.
Since I was six years old,
my brother has been my whole world.
Do Eun-hyuk, get up.
Get up.
-Eun-hye.
-Yes?
Go tell your brother to come eat.
Okay.
All his life, my brother has had eyes
only for Han Seol-ah.
It's fine that he loves her
more than his own sister
as long as he's happy.
But…
it made me furious to see him
constantly being used
and getting nothing in return.
I thought if I exposed who she really was,
he'd give up on her.
I wanted him to see
that she wasn't a victim of bad luck
but an evil witch who kills people.
So you're saying Han Seol-ah is a witch.
And yet your brother
would still do anything for her.
Eun-hye.
Eun-hyuk.
Get up.
Let's go.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Why aren't you getting mad or scolding me?
Let's go eat.
What do you want?
Shouldn't I eat tofu or something?
You weren't released from prison.
You were just brought in for questioning.
I just don't want to come back
to a police station again.
And I'm scared
even though I didn't do anything wrong.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for everything.
Then…
treat me to grilled barbecue.
I want premium Korean beef, not pork.
Let's go.
Did you really go
to all of those addresses?
The properties on Chair Kim's list?
I'm working my way down the list.
How's Eun-hye doing?
Apparently, she cried her eyes out
at the police station.
I was nervous myself,
so you can imagine how she felt.
It's all my fault.
She may be an adult,
but she's still a kid on the inside.
I've been insensitive.
Right, don't scold her too much.
She did it for you.
She's right.
When you love someone,
you want to protect them.
I totally went off on Kim Yun-ji
the night she died.
You did?
It looked like she was giving you
a hard time at work,
so I was waiting for my chance
to tell her off.
But I shouldn't have stepped in like that.
I'm sorry, Seol-ah.
I've been meaning to tell you,
but I just couldn't bring myself to.
Why did you do that?
I don't know.
Thank you.
It's comforting to know
that I have people who stand up for me.
Remember how you two always fought for me
when we were young?
Whenever kids bad-mouthed or bullied me,
Eun-hyuk would beat them up,
and you'd humiliate them.
I'm sorry. I should've thanked you sooner.
Hey, why are you saying that
all of a sudden?
Now I feel even more guilty.
Don't cry. You'll ruin your makeup.
I just wanted to protect you.
You know that, right?
CHA WOO-SEOK
Your call cannot be connected.
You will be directed to voicemail…
Did you really mean it?
Do you really want me
to stop focusing on you?
When we were young…
I thought we'd go to college together
and grow up to be special to each other.
But
seeing you keep your distance
made me realize
you only wanted me as a friend.
I wondered
if my past was too much of a burden
even for you,
then who could I ever be with?
It wasn't like that.
Do you know why I dated Su-ho?
It was because
he had even less than I did.
Even someone like me
could feel pity for him,
and I couldn't just turn away
knowing how much he needed me.
So you chose Lee Su-ho over me?
I didn't want to lose you.
And it was easier for me
to date someone who liked me.
I was just a coward.
Did you go out with those other men
just because they liked you?
I didn't want to be alone,
and I wanted a family of my own.
I thought
I was a strong person,
but I guess I was wrong.
Don't try so hard to be strong.
Just be yourself
and continue living.
Lee Su-ho died twice because of me.
You made the right decision not to become
one of my men.
Seol-ah, that's not…
GANGHA POLICE STATION
Chair Kim prepared the champagne
on her own?
What's her connection to Han Seol-ah?
Is she just her boss?
Paek Jun-beom was their VIP client,
so Chair Kim purposely put Han Seol-ah
in charge of him.
Check if there's an insurance policy
involved in this case too.
Let's see if it follows the pattern
of the previous victims.
I have my suspicions about Do Eun-hyuk.
But his alibi checked out last time.
I didn't think he was an accomplice
because he was here
when Woo-seok got into that accident.
But Lee Su-ho was behind that,
so it had nothing to do with Do Eun-hyuk.
When we interrogated Do Eun-hye,
it sounded like Do Eun-hyuk
would do anything for Han Seol-ah.
Track his movements
on the day Lee Su-ho died.
Are you working right now?
Wow, how do you take photos like this?
Do you go underwater with the models?
I go to an underwater studio.
Sometimes, I'll go to a freediving center
or head out to a river or the ocean.
They look amazing,
but isn't it dangerous?
You must be good at scuba diving.
I haven't had any serious accidents yet.
Anyway,
what brings you here?
You were the photographer at the event
on the day Paek Jun-beom died, right?
Of course.
You saw Paek Jun-beom…
I mean, you saw Lee Su-ho
collapse too, right?
Everyone saw that.
Where did you go after the event?
I went to Cheongun,
where I own a private studio.
I thought you usually went there
on weekends.
But you went all the way there
on a weekday at such a late hour?
I had an urgent project to wrap up.
Can you prove that you were in Cheongun?
How would you like me to prove it?
Your dashcam footage should do.
There's CCTV in front of the studio.
Would you like me to check that too?
Submitting both would be great.
Sure thing.
We have a 100 million phone bid.
The highest bid so far is 100 million won.
Anyone at 105 million?
We have 105 million.
We received the highest bid on the floor.
Anyone at 110 million?
At 110 million--
I withdraw my bid.
I changed my mind.
Excuse me?
You lost your momentum.
All eyes are on your mouth,
so what will you do?
An auctioneer
doesn't just call out numbers.
They make you believe
the value of the artwork.
No matter how hectic it gets,
you have to stay focused.
You have to believe in yourself.
The bid withdrawal has been confirmed.
The highest bid so far
is the phone bid of 100 million.
Let me ask again. Anyone at 105 million?
If there are no more bids,
I'll call it three times
before closing the bidding.
105 million?
Anyone at 105 million?
100 million.
Sold.
Hello?
Ms. Han,
I'm calling from the secretary's office
at Your Home.
How can I help you?
I'm calling
regarding an inheritance matter.
YOUR HOME LEGAL TEAM
ATTORNEY KIM JUN-SEONG
I'm the attorney handling
the late Mr. Paek Jun-beom's will.
He left something to you.
Me?
You've been bequeathed
an Emil Stiller piece.
Prior to the auction, he took out a policy
and designated you as the beneficiary
in the event of his death.
I've heard nothing about this,
nor have I agreed to it.
A bequest doesn't require
the recipient's consent.
It appears he wanted to keep it a secret.
Mr. Paek had been in poor health due to
the aftereffects of the accident in Syria,
so he had taken precautions
for any unexpected situations.
Will this really be
Ms. Han's last auction?
She's being sent to the Busan branch,
which basically means she's fired.
I didn't realize that's what it meant.
Does this make any sense to you, Tae-seok?
Of course not.
How can Sang-mi take the main podium?
We're nearly equal in experience,
yet I have to call her chief auctioneer.
I did all the hard work,
so why is she getting promoted?
Hard work?
I'm not sure about that.
What did you say?
Are you still seeing Han Seol-ah?
It seems like she's about to get fired
from Royal Auction.
I'm here for work.
Great excuse.
Any progress on the investigation?
So you're not going to
tell me anything now?
You don't exactly
tell me everything either.
Let's talk later.
About what?
I'm sorry for showing up unannounced.
But you wouldn't answer my calls.
Should I guess why you're here?
The Stiller.
Go ahead and ask.
You came to ask me questions, right?
You want to know why Su-ho left me
such a high-value painting,
whether I knew about it,
and whether I manipulated him
into doing it.
It's unlikely
that it'll become your property
because it depends on whether it's viewed
as a bequest from Paek Jun-beom
or from Lee Su-ho.
Is that what you came to tell me?
That the Stiller won't be mine?
I came because I missed you.
And because I'm worried.
It's a special clause
in the event of a death,
so the police don't know yet.
We can't stall for too long,
but it can buy us some time
until the culprit is revealed--
There's no need for that.
Give them all the information they want.
Then you'll become
their prime suspect again.
Maybe…
that's what Su-ho wanted all along.
I don't believe he left me that painting
purely for my sake.
Let me remind you
that you're in danger.
I was never the one the culprit was after.
It was always the man by my side.
Then protect me.
Don't push me away out of fear.
Don't run away.
Stay right by my side…
and protect me.
We need to talk.
LIST OF CHAIR KIM'S PROPERTIES
REGISTERED UNDER BORROWED NAMES
I was about to head out to see you.
TERRACE DE VILLA
I was going through Chair Kim's properties
registered under borrowed names
to find out where the Taemyung paintings
might be hidden.
HYUN-SU'S FRUIT
Ju Hyun-su
is Chair Kim's henchman.
I've seen him come and go from her suite.
I thought you should know.
We've been after the same person.
If we recover the Taemyung pieces,
we'll find out everything
Chair Kim and Ju Hyun-su have done.
And…
we can set right
the injustices your sister suffered.
There were traces showing the paintings
had been moved to a storage space here.
I think they used it as a warehouse
when they switched the paintings.
Chair Kim handles risky business elsewhere
and moves the pieces
to the secret storage vault
once it's safe.
Then the Taemyung paintings…
Among all the storage facilities
the company has contracts with,
there's one place
the employees can't access.
They blocked it off
for Chair Kim's personal use.
The storage facility
where the accident happened.
The one where we ran into Paek Jun-beom?
Why did you invite me
to such an expensive place?
What I wanted was one of your meals.
An SIU investigator is involved.
Ms. Han is working with him,
and they're coming after me.
What are you going to do
about the Taemyung accident?
Don't worry about that.
There's nothing they can do,
even if they suspect something.
Our guy is clean,
and there's no hard evidence.
What if they find the paintings?
Don't you know it's all over
the second that happens?
They're in a safe place, so don't worry.
It's too risky to keep them outside.
Move them to my storage vault.
Okay.
FELIX STORAGE
The artwork storage space
just became available,
so you can sign a new contract with us.
Are you saying there were paintings here
until just a moment ago?
Yes, someone canceled their contract.
Are there any other storage rooms
dedicated to artwork?
No, this is the only one.
Were there issues
with the facility or security?
I believe they were taken in a hurry
due to the contract holder's
personal reasons.
I'm certain those paintings
were the Taemyung pieces.
That truck we saw earlier…
I should've checked it.
Then there's only one possibility left.
How much time do we have
until the last auction?
One week.
That's all the time we have
to get into Chair Kim's
secret storage vault.
I heard you're being pressured
to leave the company.
It's understandable
from Chair Kim's perspective.
No one likes an employee
who frequents the police station.
It couldn't have been easy
to hide your feelings
while working alongside an enemy.
There were moments
when I faltered…
because I couldn't fully hate someone
as much as I should have.
I've seen many cases like that
in this job.
Mothers who blind their own children
to collect insurance payouts,
and kids who try to protect those monsters
just because they're their moms.
I'm sure your feelings toward Chair Kim
are similar to that.
Woo-seok,
how do you know everything?
Because I was a survivor too.
Jeez, what took you so long?
I'm starving, you know?
It's not like I could just eat whatever
at someone else's place.
Wow.
What a perfect shot.
Very nice.
You two look good together.
Take a look.
This is the subcontractor that worked with
the architect who designed Royal Auction.
Companies like this
tend to have weak security.
The Royal Auction building
was completed on July 15, 2017.
I think this contains the blueprint files
exchanged from 2016 to 2017.
ROYAL AUCTION_13F (CHAIRMAN'S SUITE).PDF
AHN ARCHITECTS
Found it.
Just as I thought.
It's in the space behind the kitchen wall
in Chair Kim's suite.
That's a pretty large space.
Is there really
a secret storage vault there?
It's close, easy to manage,
and more importantly,
there are no CCTVs on this floor.
We're not thinking of
infiltrating this place, are we?
CORNERSTONE
HERE BEGINS A NEW ERA OF ART
Chair Kim always uses the same passcode.
It's 170715.
COMPLETED: JULY 15, 2017
BUILDING OWNER: KIM SUN-AE
Congratulations, Ms. Han!
My goodness.
It seems Mr. Paek left you a huge gift.
I hear the Stiller is yours now.
I have no intention of accepting it.
Are you insane?
The person who died
wasn't the real Paek Jun-beom.
He was an impersonator.
It wasn't his property,
so he had no right to leave it to anyone.
Don't worry about that.
I've already looked into
the legal side of things.
Legally, the chance of you getting it
is very high.
If it doesn't work out,
we'll file a lawsuit.
I'll cover all the costs.
That's a big investment to make
in an employee you're about to let go.
Let go?
I told you to take a break
at the Busan branch.
I never told you to leave the company.
Seeing how things are,
you don't have to go to Busan.
Your father
can finally rest in peace,
now that his daughter's life
is looking up.
The main lot for the upcoming auction
hasn't been decided yet.
Did you review the list I sent you?
Artist Song Hwan-ju's posthumous work.
It's their final piece
that was never revealed.
This will cause quite a sensation
once it's made public.
How did you…
Any replacement for the Stiller
has to have just as much impact.
This is the most valuable card
I have up my sleeve.
That's wonderful.
A piece like this
could attract the same attention
as a Stiller would.
You're giving me quite a grand gift
for my last auction.
I'm giving you a chance…
and you still insist
this is your last time?
INSURANCE POLICY
NAME: PAEK JUN-BEOM
GROUNDS FOR RESCISSION OF THE POLICY
CONSIGNOR: PAEK JUN-BEOM
BENEFICIARY: HAN SEOL-AH
"Bequest"?
It's a special clause stating that,
in the event of Paek Jun-beom's death,
Han Seol-ah is bequeathed the Stiller
as well as any resulting payout.
What?
The estimated winning bid is valued
at over 15 billion won.
Are you saying
all that goes to Han Seol-ah?
It's a powerful motive for murder.
If Han Seol-ah was behind all this,
she might've changed her MO.
All the men have died so far,
but she hasn't succeeded
in collecting the payouts.
However,
the painting is something
she can definitely get.
And the stakes get higher.
But Paek Jun-beom was actually Lee Su-ho.
Can he even make a bequest?
I actually looked into it,
and it's pretty complicated.
He did live under
Paek Jun-beom's identity,
but it can still be considered
Lee Su-ho's asset,
so there's room for legal dispute.
Then this could end up in court.
BENEFICIARY: HAN SEOL-AH
I put the GPS tracker on Chair Kim's car.
Dr. Shin will be monitoring.
Are you sure you'll be okay?
Maybe I should--
In the worst-case scenario,
someone will have to carry out Plan B.
It's okay if I get caught
because I'm leaving the company anyway.
But if you get caught,
there's no way to handle it.
Get out right away
once you've recorded the evidence, okay?
NETWORK CONNECTION
CANCEL / CONNECT
CONNECTING…
Chair Kim is heading home.
Get ready in case
the security team shows up,
and keep an eye on the entrance.
I'm in front of the storage vault.
Passcode, 170715.
I'm going in.
Be careful.
I'm inside.
Woo-seok?
Seol-ah?
Seol-ah.
UNSTABLE CONNECTION, CHECK NETWORK
TRY AGAIN
ACCESS GRANTED
DOOR SECURED
Is this an error or what?
Vanished Sensation by Fabien Leclerc
has been sold to Chairman Park Min-cheol
of Taemyung Group.
FIRE BREAKS OUT ON A TRUCK TRANSPORTING
TAEMYUNG CULTURAL FOUNDATION ART
Turn the car around.
What the heck? Why is she going back?
What's going on?
Chair Kim's car
is heading back to the company.
Ms. Han has to get out of there.
I can't get the eyes to look like Mom's.
Let's take a look.
It's not that
they don't look like her eyes.
Her eyes are just complicated.
Look into them.
They're full of stories of her life.
What does that mean?
It's a compliment.
You're starting to see the person,
not just the drawing.
I want to draw as well as you do.
Skills improve quickly as you learn.
But you see,
not everyone can put their heart into it.
But you have that in you, Seol-ah.
I'm more proud of that.
Really?
Of course. You're my daughter.
Goodness, you two are so alike.
Looks like we'll have another artist
in the family.
What's wrong with that?
Seol-ah, don't become an artist.
Be a doctor instead.
Seol-ah will become
a famous artist, right?
Yeah.
Listen.
If this becomes your posthumous piece,
-I'll make sure it sells for a high price.
-No!
Please!
I'm begging you!
No!
Please let me keep that one!
I see her.
What should I do? Ram into her?
She's coming. What do I do?
-Make up your mind!
-I'm going in.
Hurry up! She's pulling in!
You're getting off work late.
There's a shoot tomorrow,
so I had to prepare before I left.
The exit passcode is different.
Take care of that bastard quietly first.
It's not enough,
but they'll show up in front of me soon.
No, I won't use you as bait.
I'm the only one who can approach them
without raising suspicion.
Get her.
Don't you dare touch anything!
Hey, Han Seol-ah!
This isn't over
until we catch the killer.
It's been a while.
It'll be your neck on the line.
It's your fault.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see
whose neck is on the line.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim